10.Respectively proposed security solution especially BMW AFC customer data protection.

Security policy

1. If you collect it, protect it. Follow reasonable security measures to ensure that customers’ and employees’ personal information is protected from inappropriate and unauthorized access.
2. Have a strong privacy policy. Customers need to know that you are protecting their information. Make sure you have a policy they can refer to explaining how you are keeping personal information safe. Make sure you are straightforward with customers about the consumer data you collect and what you do with it. Being honest with them will help you build consumer trust and show you value their data and are working to protect it.
3. Know what you are protecting. Be aware of all the personal information you have, where you are storing it, how you are using it and who has access to it. Understand the kind of assets you have and why a hacker might pursue them. “You cannot protect what you don’t know about,” Sundaresan said.
4. Don’t collect what you don’t need. The more valuable information you have, the bigger a target you might be. Avoid using social security numbers or other personal information for customer identification. Opt instead for log in identification and passwords. More layers of identification help keep attackers from being able to simulate users. Consider deleting personal information that you don’t really need.
5. Keep a clean machine. Having the latest security software, web browser and operating system are the best defenses against viruses, malware and other online threats. Many software programs will automatically connect and update to defend against known risks. Turn on automatic updates if that’s an available option.
6. Use multiple layers of security. Spam filters will weed out malware and phishing scams — many of which are aimed directly at businesses — keeping your email safer and easier to use. Employ a firewall to keep criminals out and sensitive data in.
7. Scan all new devices. Be sure to scan all USB and other devices before they are attached to your network.
8. Educate employees. Employees are often the handlers of customer data. They therefore need to be kept up-to-date on how to protect that information to make sure it does not accidentally land in the wrong hands. They should be educated about the newest fraud schemes and urged to employ best practices such as not responding to or opening attachments or clicking suspicious links in unsolicited email messages.
9. Protect against mobile device risks. Smartphones, tablets and laptops can add to employee flexibility and productivity, but they can also be repositories of sensitive information, which, if lost, can harm your customers and your business. Impress upon employees and other partners the importance of keeping these devices secure from loss or theft. At the same time, stress that not reporting such an incident, if it happens, is worse.


Application Server 
  The application server will be running under a specific domain user. Access to production environment is only granted to operations team. Communication with external system will be via HTTP protocol using anonymous authentication.
SQL Server
  Windows based authentication will be useds

Security Solution
1
Architecture
Use 3-tier architecture for presentation, application and database.
The application tier and database tier are in the internal network environment.
2
Authentication
Use BMW standard authentication 
3
Communication Protocol
Apply HTTPS protocol to protect the privacy and integrity of the exchanged data while in transit, protects against man-in-the-middle attacks.
4
Input validation
Input validation mechanism should be applied in whole system to avoid buffer overflow, cross-site scripting and SQL injection etc
5
Login Logging
All logins and login attempts are logged
6
Password
Passwords are stored and transmitted hashed or encrypted
7
Protection of Information Flows
Confidential information is encrypted when transmitted across non-trusted networks or exported outside of the system
 
  