Proposed customer notification and communication processes.

 We recommend SMS and push notification to notify the important information to our customers, put out bulletin the customer service phone or email address to deal the customer's complaint.

Story ID: EP006-S 004: 
As a user,  I want to be notified the quotation information which has been confirmed by F&I, following the comment which F&I left,  so that I'm able to proceed to E-authentication.

Story ID: EP006-S 005: 
As a user, I want to be notified if the offer is expired, so that I cannot apply for an expired SF product offer.

Story ID: EP007-S001-DW
Second part of the page includes notes: please make sure the reserved phone number for bank card can receive short message.

Story ID: EP007-S003-DW:
In the same front-end page, besides the bank card number, it will show user’s phone number that is auto-filled with the phone number used for account registration. Also, the phone number is editable and user can manually modify the number if it is not the one used to registration the bank account.
In the same front-end page, below the phone number row, SMS verification code is requested. After the user click “Acquire Verification Code”, the phone will receive 4/6 digits. 

Story ID: ES-S001:
Easy Finance App user have to receive SMS / Push notification upon Application Submission from Easy Finance App.

Story ID: ES-S001:
Potential customer is notified with SMS & push notification from easy finance app about his/her application status change. Same status is sync-ed & maintained at DFE, APP frontend and in app admin portal for future references. 

As Accepted & Processing
Potential customer is provided with hotline number in application status check page and in notification SMS to reach out to for application support if any support needed from customer interaction center.

Story ID: EP12-S002-JZ:
There is a notification for user, to describe the reason of stopping service

Story ID: EP13-S004-JZ: 
As a user, I want to be able to get support in eApp, so that I can get contact with BMW and get support. 

Story ID: EP13-S007-JZ: 
As eApp owner, I want to collect customer feedback, so that I can update the app to satisfy customers more.
